hello this is mk
today we watch queen's gambit episode
one
episode one opens with beth waking up in
paris
1967. she's in a rush and she fell
asleep in the bath
after swigging alcohol she rushes
downstairs from her hotel room
the paparazzi are flashing at her and
she sits down to play a game of chess
against a man with a room full of people
flashbacks show that a young beth
survived a car crash
from here openings presents beth's
younger life and how she became
accustomed to chess and a reckless life
the young beth is orphaned due to the
death of her mother from the crash
there's no report of what happened to
her father
she's shown around the orphanage beth is
introduced to jolene
she's asked what was the last thing her
parents said before she died
beth has a brief flash of her mother
saying close your eyes
beth takes vitamins and afterwards she
struggles to walk around the orphanage
they are clearly not vitamins jolene
tells her she needs to wait until later
to take the vitamins
at night in bed the young beth remembers
when her father paul tried to return
he asks her mother alice if he can see
beth
the father questions how they both live
in a trailer
paul tells alice that he's sick of
running after her and he drives away
during class at the orphanage beth is
sent to the basement to deal with the
erasers
she sees a man named mr shabal playing
chess on his own and he's intrigued
she tries to speak to mr shabal the next
day but he is not interested in showing
her chess
at night time before she sleeps she
imagines the chessboard
beth has also taken jolene's advice to
take vitamins at night beth tries again
with mr shabal to discuss chess
he tells her that girls do not play
chess
beth demonstrates how much she is learnt
already so the man offers her a game
mr schaevel beats her quickly with the
scholars mate
at night time beth reimagined the move
the next day beth loses her queen and mr
shabal tells her to resign the game
but she wants to continue when he says
no
she calls him without knowing what it
means
afterwards jolene tells beth what a
oh despite their brief falling out
beth continues to play chess against mr
chavel in the basement
she beats him for the first time the man
keeps showing her new strategies
he shows her what openings are and names
one of them the queen's gambit
she beats him again and mr shabal calls
her astounding
beth is a natural he gives her a book of
different openings
mr shabal introduces beth to mr gans
from the chess club to play a game
she beats the man easily mr ganz asks
beth where she plays and she tells him
she plays in her head
mr ganz gives her a present a doll
beth then plays both men at once with
two separate boards and she beats them
both convincingly
mr ganz wants beth to join a chess club
at a high school every thursday
he wants her to play everyone
simultaneously
head of the orphanage helen deardorff
approves the logistics of beth attending
the club
she tells beth that she can no longer
play chess in the basement
afterwards beth wants the green vitamins
but they tell her that they don't give
tranquilizers to the kids anymore
at this time beth has an addiction
jolene tells beth that she's having
withdrawal symptoms
the next day beth heads to the chess
club
jolene gives her a couple of
tranquilizers and wishes her luck at the
high school
a group of chess playing boys enter the
club
beth has to play all of them at once as
she takes them all on
a crowd of students gather beth beat all
the students in an hour and 20 minutes
she proudly tells mr shabal of what
happened
still suffering from withdrawal symptoms
beth grabs tools from the basement
during a movie night she pretends to go
to the bathroom but breaks into the
chemist
beth grabs a handful of tranquilizers
and puts loads in her mouth and stuffs
many in her pockets
as movie night ends beth is caught by
helen
[Music]
stay tuned for update on episode 2.